hi good afternoon out there in Berlin
nation my name is Jeff David and today
I'm going to share with you an
award-winning recipe of mine for a
jalapeno stuffed peppers what we're
going to start off with for our mixture
is one of use 16 ounces of cream cheese
softened 8 ounces of shredded finally
cheddar cheese and 4 ounces of
pre-cooked bacon bits once you get all
these ingredients together you're gonna
put it into a heavy duty ziploc bag
mixing them together very well at this
point what you want to do is you want to
cut just the tip of your bag off and
this will provide a good way to get the
cheese mixture into your stuffed peppers
so I've already taken the work out and
doing most of my peppers today but we're
gonna start off with how you're gonna do
it as you go simply cut the end of your
peppers off real easy on that part you
gonna take the spoon for something like
that and you're going to take out the
seeds we all know that the seeds and the
membranes what makes a pepper pot so
once you get the peppers cored and
everything you're going to take your
cheese mixture get it going and you
gonna fill your pepper up about 75% the
reason about for this is if you fill it
up all the way your cheese is going to
come over as you cook them and you
really don't want that so if you can see
I've got the cheese almost up to the top
but it's filled all the way down so I'm
going to just put it on the skewer right
here and we'll go on to the next one
alright I'm going to the help in the
next my favorite is the jalapeno I like
the spicy my family likes it mild so
they like the chip the Chili Peppers
that I'm using these are called several
different names are called gypsy peppers
they're called sweet peppers just
whatever your local grocery store calls
them go with it because they're good on
the grill alright I've got this next one
done here just going to get done the
skewer and I'm gonna see here the few
minutes I'll be right back but I'm glad
I did these spirit up and I'll meet you
back at the apartment you grill we'll
have some fun
hey folks thanks for joining me out here
on my back deck and my grill you got
going here I'm going to do this place
these down here right quick I'm gonna
load it up got you good warm fire got
some hot peppers got you a cold beverage
of your choice man it does not get
better than this in the summertime get
your friends around it's awesome put
this on here like this and what you're
gonna want to do is you're going to want
to watch these peppers sometimes you
have a hotter fire than it others
sometimes you have a cold fire I'm not
gonna tell you a time but usually a good
time it's about 25 30 minutes on these
peppers here for you and catch it a few
minutes with some good peppers folks
we'll be right back
hey folks we're back and it's been about
15 minutes and these peppers are done
it's great trust me it is so good these
are your peppers y'all enjoy
you